<register>

0x000 CTRL PIO control register 
0x004 FSTAT FIFO status register 
0x008 FDEBUG FIFO debug register 
0x00c FLEVEL FIFO levels 
0x010 TXF0 Direct write access to the TX FIFO for this state machine. Each write pushes one word to the FIFO. Attempting to write to a full FIFO has no effect on the FIFO state or contents, and sets the sticky FDEBUG_TXOVER error flag for this FIFO.
0x014 TXF1 Direct write access to the TX FIFO for this state machine. Each write pushes one word to the FIFO. Attempting to write to a full FIFO has no effect on the FIFO state or contents, and sets the sticky FDEBUG_TXOVER error flag for this FIFO.
0x018 TXF2 Direct write access to the TX FIFO for this state machine. Each write pushes one word to the FIFO. Attempting to write to a full FIFO has no effect on the FIFO state or contents, and sets the sticky FDEBUG_TXOVER error flag for this FIFO.
0x01c TXF3  Direct write access to the TX FIFO for this state machine. Each write pushes one word to the FIFO. Attempting to write to a full FIFO has no effect on the FIFO state or contents, and sets the sticky FDEBUG_TXOVER error flag for this FIFO.
0x020 RXF0 Info Direct read access to the RX FIFO for this state machine. Each read pops one word from the FIFO. Attempting to read from an empty FIFO has no effect on the FIFO state, and sets the sticky FDEBUG_RXUNDER error flag for this FIFO. The data returned to the system on a read from an empty FIFO is undefined.
0x024 RXF1 Direct read access to the RX FIFO for this state machine. Each read pops one word from the FIFO. Attempting to read from an empty FIFO has no effect on the FIFO state, and sets the sticky FDEBUG_RXUNDER error flag for this FIFO. The data returned to the system on a read from an empty FIFO is undefined.

0x028 RXF2 Direct read access to the RX FIFO for this state machine. Each read pops one word from the FIFO. Attempting to read from an empty FIFO has no effect on the FIFO state, and sets the sticky FDEBUG_RXUNDER error flag for this FIFO. The data returned to the system on a read from an empty FIFO is undefined.

0x02c RXF3 Direct read access to the RX FIFO for this state machine. Each read pops one word from the FIFO. Attempting to read from an empty FIFO has no effect on the FIFO state, and sets the sticky FDEBUG_RXUNDER error flag for this FIFO. The data returned to the system on a read from an empty FIFO is undefined.

0x030 IRQ State machine IRQ flags register. Write 1 to clear. There are eight state machine IRQ flags, which can be set, cleared, and waited on by the state machines. There's no fixed association between flags and state machines --- any state machine can use any flag.<br><br>Any of the eight flags can be used for timing synchronisation between state machines, using IRQ and WAIT instructions. Any combination of the eight flags can also routed out to either of the two system-level interrupt requests, alongside FIFO status interrupts --- see e.g. IRQ0_INTE.

0x034 IRQ_FORCE Writing a 1 to each of these bits will forcibly assert the corresponding IRQ. Note this is different to the INTF register: writing here affects PIO internal state. INTF just asserts the processor-facing IRQ signal for testing ISRs, and is not visible to the state machines.

0x038 INPUT_SYNC_BYPASS There is a 2-flipflop synchronizer on each GPIO input, which protects PIO logic from metastabilities. This increases input delay, and for fast synchronous IO (e.g. SPI) these synchronizers may need to be bypassed. Each bit in this register corresponds to one GPIO.<br>0 → input is synchronized (default)<br>1 → synchronizer is bypassed<br>If in doubt, leave this register as all zeroes.

0x03c DBG_PADOUT Read to sample the pad output values PIO is currently driving to the GPIOs. On RP2040 there are 30 GPIOs, so the two most significant bits are hardwired to 0.

0x040 DBG_PADOE Read to sample the pad output enables (direction) PIO is currently driving to the GPIOs. On RP2040 there are 30 GPIOs, so the two most significant bits are hardwired to 0.

0x044 DBG_CFGINFO The PIO hardware has some free parameters that may vary between chip products.  These should be provided in the chip datasheet, but are also exposed here.

0x048 INSTR_MEM0 Write-only access to instruction memory location 0

0x04c INSTR_MEM1 Write-only access to instruction memory location 1

0x050 INSTR_MEM2 Write-only access to instruction memory location 2

0x054 INSTR_MEM3 Write-only access to instruction memory location 3

0x058 INSTR_MEM4 Write-only access to instruction memory location 4

0x05c INSTR_MEM5 Write-only access to instruction memory location 5

0x060 INSTR_MEM6 Write-only access to instruction memory location 6

0x064 INSTR_MEM7 Write-only access to instruction memory location 7

0x068 INSTR_MEM8 Write-only access to instruction memory location 8

0x06c INSTR_MEM9 Write-only access to instruction memory location 9

0x070 INSTR_MEM10 Write-only access to instruction memory location 10

</register>

<BEGIN>

0x074 INSTR_MEM11

Write-only access to instruction memory location 11

0x078

INSTR_MEM12

Write-only access to instruction memory location 12

0x07c

INSTR_MEM13

Write-only access to instruction memory location 13

0x080

INSTR_MEM14

Write-only access to instruction memory location 14

0x084

INSTR_MEM15

Write-only access to instruction memory location 15

0x088

INSTR_MEM16

Write-only access to instruction memory location 16

0x08c

INSTR_MEM17

Write-only access to instruction memory location 17

0x090

INSTR_MEM18

Write-only access to instruction memory location 18

0x094

INSTR_MEM19

Write-only access to instruction memory location 19

0x098

INSTR_MEM20

Write-only access to instruction memory location 20

0x09c

INSTR_MEM21

Write-only access to instruction memory location 21

0x0a0

INSTR_MEM22

Write-only access to instruction memory location 22

0x0a4

INSTR_MEM23

Write-only access to instruction memory location 23

0x0a8

INSTR_MEM24

Write-only access to instruction memory location 24

0x0ac

INSTR_MEM25

Write-only access to instruction memory location 25

0x0b0

INSTR_MEM26

Write-only access to instruction memory location 26

0x0b4

INSTR_MEM27

Write-only access to instruction memory location 27

0x0b8

INSTR_MEM28

Write-only access to instruction memory location 28

0x0bc

INSTR_MEM29

Write-only access to instruction memory location 29

0x0c0

INSTR_MEM30

Write-only access to instruction memory location 30

0x0c4

INSTR_MEM31

Write-only access to instruction memory location 31
||||----------
Offset Name Info
0x0c8 SM0_CLKDIV Clock divisor register for state machine 0 Frequency = clock freq / (CLKDIV_INT + CLKDIV_FRAC / 256)
0x0cc SM0_EXECCTRL Execution/behavioural settings for state machine 0
0x0d0 SM0_SHIFTCTRL Control behaviour of the input/output shift registers for state machine 0
0x0d4 SM0_ADDR Current instruction address of state machine 0
0x0d8 SM0_INSTR Read to see the instruction currently addressed by state machine 0's program counter Write to execute an instruction immediately (including jumps) and then resume execution.

0x0dc SM0_PINCTRL State machine pin control
0x0e0 SM1_CLKDIV Clock divisor register for state machine 1 Frequency = clock freq / (CLKDIV_INT + CLKDIV_FRAC / 256)
0x0e4 SM1_EXECCTRL Execution/behavioural settings for state machine 1
0x0e8 SM1_SHIFTCTRL Control behaviour of the input/output shift registers for state machine 1
0x0ec SM1_ADDR Current instruction address of state machine 1
0x0f0 SM1_INSTR Read to see the instruction currently addressed by state machine 1's program counter Write to execute an instruction immediately (including jumps) and then resume execution.

0x0f4 SM1_PINCTRL State machine pin control
0x0f8 SM2_CLKDIV Clock divisor register for state machine 2 Frequency = clock freq / (CLKDIV_INT + CLKDIV_FRAC / 256)
0x0fc SM2_EXECCTRL Execution/behavioural settings for state machine 2
0x100 SM2_SHIFTCTRL Control behaviour of the input/output shift registers for state machine 2
0x104 SM2_ADDR Current instruction address of state machine 2
0x108 SM2_INSTR Read to see the instruction currently addressed by state machine 2's program counter Write to execute an instruction immediately (including jumps) and then resume execution.

0x10c

SM2_PINCTRL

State machine pin control

0x110

SM3_CLKDIV

Clock divisor register for state machine 3

Frequency = clock freq / (CLKDIV_INT + CLKDIV_FRAC / 256)

0x114

SM3_EXECCTRL

Execution/behavioural settings for state machine 3

0x118

SM3_SHIFTCTRL

Control behaviour of the input/output shift registers for state

machine 3

0x11c

SM3_ADDR

Current instruction address of state machine 3

0x120

SM3_INSTR

Read to see the instruction currently addressed by state machine

3's program counter

Write to execute an instruction immediately (including jumps)

and then resume execution.
||||----------
Offset Name Info
0x124 SM3_PINCTRL State machine pin control
0x128 RXF0_PUTGET0 Direct read/write access to entry 0 of SM0's RX FIFO, if SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

0x12c RXF0_PUTGET1 Direct read/write access to entry 1 of SM0's RX FIFO, if SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

0x130 RXF0_PUTGET2 Direct read/write access to entry 2 of SM0's RX FIFO, if SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

0x134 RXF0_PUTGET3 Direct read/write access to entry 3 of SM0's RX FIFO, if SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

0x138 RXF1_PUTGET0 Direct read/write access to entry 0 of SM1's RX FIFO, if SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

0x13c RXF1_PUTGET1 Direct read/write access to entry 1 of SM1's RX FIFO, if SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

0x140 RXF1_PUTGET2 Direct read/write access to entry 2 of SM1's RX FIFO, if SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

0x144 RXF1_PUTGET3 Direct read/write access to entry 3 of SM1's RX FIFO, if SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

0x148 RXF2_PUTGET0 Direct read/write access to entry 0 of SM2's RX FIFO, if SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

0x14c RXF2_PUTGET1 Direct read/write access to entry 1 of SM2's RX FIFO, if SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

0x150 RXF2_PUTGET2 Direct read/write access to entry 2 of SM2's RX FIFO, if SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

0x154 RXF2_PUTGET3 Direct read/write access to entry 3 of SM2's RX FIFO, if SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

0x158 RXF3_PUTGET0 Direct read/write access to entry 0 of SM3's RX FIFO, if SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

0x15c RXF3_PUTGET1 Direct read/write access to entry 1 of SM3's RX FIFO, if SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

0x160

RXF3_PUTGET2

Direct read/write access to entry 2 of SM3's RX FIFO, if

SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is

set.
||||----------
Offset Name Info
0x164 RXF3_PUTGET3 Direct read/write access to entry 3 of SM3's RX FIFO, if SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

0x168 GPIOBASE Relocate GPIO 0 (from PIO's point of view) in the system GPIO numbering, to access more than 32 GPIOs from PIO.

Only the values 0 and 16 are supported (only bit 4 is writable).

0x16c INTR Raw Interrupts
0x170 IRQ0_INTE Interrupt Enable for irq0
0x174 IRQ0_INTF Interrupt Force for irq0
0x178 IRQ0_INTS Interrupt status after masking & forcing for irq0
0x17c IRQ1_INTE Interrupt Enable for irq1
0x180 IRQ1_INTF Interrupt Force for irq1
0x184 IRQ1_INTS Interrupt status after masking & forcing for irq1 PIO: CTRL Register Offset:
0x000 Description PIO control register Bits Description 31:27 Reserved.

Table 981. CTRL

Register

Type

Reset

-

-

<codeblock>||||26
||||26
</codeblock>

NEXTPREV_CLKDIV_RESTART: Write 1 to restart the clock dividers of state SC
0x0 machines in neighbouring PIO blocks, as specified by NEXT_PIO_MASK and PREV_PIO_MASK in the same write.

This is equivalent to writing 1 to the corresponding CLKDIV_RESTART bits in those PIOs' CTRL registers.

<codeblock>||||25
||||25
</codeblock>

NEXTPREV_SM_DISABLE: Write 1 to disable state machines in neighbouring SC
0x0 PIO blocks, as specified by NEXT_PIO_MASK and PREV_PIO_MASK in the same write.

This is equivalent to clearing the corresponding SM_ENABLE bits in those PIOs' CTRL registers.

<codeblock>||||24
||||24
</codeblock>

NEXTPREV_SM_ENABLE: Write 1 to enable state machines in neighbouring SC
0x0 PIO blocks, as specified by NEXT_PIO_MASK and PREV_PIO_MASK in the same write.

This is equivalent to setting the corresponding SM_ENABLE bits in those PIOs' CTRL registers.

If both OTHERS_SM_ENABLE and OTHERS_SM_DISABLE are set, the disable

takes precedence.
||||----------
Bits Description Type Reset 23:20 NEXT_PIO_MASK: A mask of state machines in the neighbouring higher- SC
0x0 numbered PIO block in the system (or PIO block 0 if this is the highest- numbered PIO block) to which to apply the operations specified by NEXTPREV_CLKDIV_RESTART, NEXTPREV_SM_ENABLE, and NEXTPREV_SM_DISABLE in the same write.

This allows state machines in a neighbouring PIO block to be started/stopped/clock-synced exactly simultaneously with a write to this PIO block's CTRL register.

Note that in a system with two PIOs, NEXT_PIO_MASK and PREV_PIO_MASK actually indicate the same PIO block. In this case the effects are applied cumulatively (as though the masks were OR'd together).

Neighbouring PIO blocks are disconnected (status signals tied to 0 and control signals ignored) if one block is accessible to NonSecure code, and one is not.

19:16 PREV_PIO_MASK: A mask of state machines in the neighbouring lower- SC
0x0 numbered PIO block in the system (or the highest-numbered PIO block if this is PIO block 0) to which to apply the operations specified by OP_CLKDIV_RESTART, OP_ENABLE, OP_DISABLE in the same write.

This allows state machines in a neighbouring PIO block to be started/stopped/clock-synced exactly simultaneously with a write to this PIO block's CTRL register.

Neighbouring PIO blocks are disconnected (status signals tied to 0 and control signals ignored) if one block is accessible to NonSecure code, and one is not.

15:12 Reserved.

11:8 CLKDIV_RESTART: Restart a state machine's clock divider from an initial phase of 0. Clock dividers are free-running, so once started, their output (including fractional jitter) is completely determined by the integer/fractional divisor configured in SMx_CLKDIV. This means that, if multiple clock dividers with the same divisor are restarted simultaneously, by writing multiple 1 bits to this field, the execution clocks of those state machines will run in precise lockstep.

Note that setting/clearing SM_ENABLE does not stop the clock divider from running, so once multiple state machines' clocks are synchronised, it is safe to disable/reenable a state machine, whilst keeping the clock dividers in sync.

Note also that CLKDIV_RESTART can be written to whilst the state machine is running, and this is useful to resynchronise clock dividers after the divisors (SMx_CLKDIV) have been changed on-the-fly.

-

SC

-

0x0
||||----------
Bits 7:4 Description Type Reset SM_RESTART: Write 1 to instantly clear internal SM state which may be SC
0x0 otherwise difficult to access and will affect future execution.

Specifically, the following are cleared: input and output shift counters; the contents of the input shift register; the delay counter; the waiting-on-IRQ state;

any stalled instruction written to SMx_INSTR or run by OUT/MOV EXEC; any pin write left asserted due to OUT_STICKY.

The contents of the output shift register and the X/Y scratch registers are not affected.

3:0 SM_ENABLE: Enable/disable each of the four state machines by writing 1/0 to RW
0x0 each of these four bits. When disabled, a state machine will cease executing instructions, except those written directly to SMx_INSTR by the system.

Multiple bits can be set/cleared at once to run/halt multiple state machines simultaneously.

PIO: FSTAT Register Offset:
0x004 Description FIFO status register Table 982. FSTAT Register Bits Description 31:28 Reserved.

27:24 TXEMPTY: State machine TX FIFO is empty 23:20 Reserved.

19:16 TXFULL: State machine TX FIFO is full 15:12 Reserved.

11:8 RXEMPTY: State machine RX FIFO is empty 7:4 3:0 Reserved.

RXFULL: State machine RX FIFO is full PIO: FDEBUG Register Offset:
0x008 Description FIFO debug register Table 983. FDEBUG Register Bits Description 31:28 Reserved.

Type Reset - RO - RO - RO - RO -
0xf -
0x0 -
0xf -
0x0 Type Reset - - 27:24 TXSTALL: State machine has stalled on empty TX FIFO during a blocking WC
0x0 PULL, or an OUT with autopull enabled. Write 1 to clear.

23:20 Reserved.

-

-
||||----------
Bits Description Type Reset 19:16 TXOVER: TX FIFO overflow (i.e. write-on-full by the system) has occurred.

WC
0x0 Write 1 to clear. Note that write-on-full does not alter the state or contents of the FIFO in any way, but the data that the system attempted to write is dropped, so if this flag is set, your software has quite likely dropped some data on the floor.

15:12 Reserved.

- - 11:8 RXUNDER: RX FIFO underflow (i.e. read-on-empty by the system) has WC
0x0 occurred. Write 1 to clear. Note that read-on-empty does not perturb the state of the FIFO in any way, but the data returned by reading from an empty FIFO is undefined, so this flag generally only becomes set due to some kind of 7:4 3:0 software error.

Reserved.

- - RXSTALL: State machine has stalled on full RX FIFO during a blocking PUSH, WC
0x0 or an IN with autopush enabled. This flag is also set when a nonblocking PUSH to a full FIFO took place, in which case the state machine has dropped data. Write 1 to clear.

PIO: FLEVEL Register Offset:
0x00c Description FIFO levels Table 984. FLEVEL Register Bits Description Type Reset 31:28 27:24 23:20 19:16 15:12 11:8 7:4 3:0 RX3 TX3 RX2 TX2 RX1 TX1 RX0 TX0 RO RO RO RO RO RO RO RO
0x0
0x0
0x0
0x0
0x0
0x0
0x0
0x0 PIO: TXF0, TXF1, TXF2, TXF3 Registers Offsets:
0x010,
0x014,
0x018,
0x01c Table 985. TXF0, TXF1, TXF2, TXF3 Registers Bits Description Type Reset 31:0 Direct write access to the TX FIFO for this state machine. Each write pushes WF
0x00000000 one word to the FIFO. Attempting to write to a full FIFO has no effect on the FIFO state or contents, and sets the sticky FDEBUG_TXOVER error flag for this FIFO.

PIO: RXF0, RXF1, RXF2, RXF3 Registers

Offsets:
0x020,
0x024,
0x028,
0x02c
||||----------
Table 986. RXF0, RXF1, RXF2, RXF3 Registers Bits Description Type Reset 31:0 Direct read access to the RX FIFO for this state machine. Each read pops one RF - word from the FIFO. Attempting to read from an empty FIFO has no effect on the FIFO state, and sets the sticky FDEBUG_RXUNDER error flag for this FIFO.

The data returned to the system on a read from an empty FIFO is undefined.

PIO: IRQ Register Offset:
0x030 Bits Description 31:8 Reserved.

Table 987. IRQ Register Type Reset - - 7:0 State machine IRQ flags register. Write 1 to clear. There are eight state WC
0x00 machine IRQ flags, which can be set, cleared, and waited on by the state machines. There's no fixed association between flags and state machines --- any state machine can use any flag.

Any of the eight flags can be used for timing synchronisation between state machines, using IRQ and WAIT instructions. Any combination of the eight flags can also routed out to either of the two system-level interrupt requests, alongside FIFO status interrupts --- see e.g. IRQ0_INTE.

PIO: IRQ_FORCE Register Offset:
0x034 Table 988. IRQ_FORCE Register Bits Description 31:8 Reserved.

Type Reset - - 7:0 Writing a 1 to each of these bits will forcibly assert the corresponding IRQ.

WF
0x00 Note this is different to the INTF register: writing here affects PIO internal state. INTF just asserts the processor-facing IRQ signal for testing ISRs, and is not visible to the state machines.

Table 989.

INPUT_SYNC_BYPASS

Register

PIO: INPUT_SYNC_BYPASS Register

Offset:
0x038

Bits

Description

Type

Reset

31:0

There is a 2-flipflop synchronizer on each GPIO input, which protects PIO logic

RW

0x00000000

from metastabilities. This increases input delay, and for fast synchronous IO

(e.g. SPI) these synchronizers may need to be bypassed. Each bit in this

register corresponds to one GPIO.
0 → input is synchronized (default)
<codeblock>||||1 → synchronizer is bypassed
||||1 → synchronizer is bypassed
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

If in doubt, leave this register as all zeroes.

PIO: DBG_PADOUT Register

Offset:
0x03c
||||----------
Table 990.

DBG_PADOUT Register Bits Description Type Reset 31:0 Read to sample the pad output values PIO is currently driving to the GPIOs. On RO
0x00000000 RP2040 there are 30 GPIOs, so the two most significant bits are hardwired to 0.

PIO: DBG_PADOE Register Offset:
0x040 Table 991.

DBG_PADOE Register Bits Description Type Reset 31:0 Read to sample the pad output enables (direction) PIO is currently driving to RO
0x00000000 the GPIOs. On RP2040 there are 30 GPIOs, so the two most significant bits are hardwired to 0.

PIO: DBG_CFGINFO Register Offset:
0x044 Description The PIO hardware has some free parameters that may vary between chip products.

These should be provided in the chip datasheet, but are also exposed here.

Table 992.

DBG_CFGINFO Register Bits Description 31:28 VERSION: Version of the core PIO hardware.

Type Reset RO
0x1 Enumerated values:

0x0 → V0: Version 0 (RP2040)
0x1 → V1: Version 1 (RP2350) 27:22 Reserved.

21:16 IMEM_SIZE: The size of the instruction memory, measured in units of one instruction 15:12 Reserved.

11:8 SM_COUNT: The number of state machines this PIO instance is equipped 7:6 5:0 with.

Reserved.

FIFO_DEPTH: The depth of the state machine TX/RX FIFOs, measured in words.

Joining fifos via SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN gives one FIFO with double this depth.

-

RO

-

RO

-

RO

-

-

-

-

-

-

PIO: INSTR_MEM0, INSTR_MEM1, …, INSTR_MEM30, INSTR_MEM31 Registers

Offsets:
0x048,
0x04c, …,
0x0c0,
0x0c4
||||----------
Table 993.

INSTR_MEM0, INSTR_MEM1, …, INSTR_MEM30, INSTR_MEM31 Registers Table 994.

SM0_CLKDIV, SM1_CLKDIV, SM2_CLKDIV, SM3_CLKDIV Registers Bits Description 31:16 Reserved.

Type Reset - - 15:0 Write-only access to instruction memory location N WO
0x0000 PIO: SM0_CLKDIV, SM1_CLKDIV, SM2_CLKDIV, SM3_CLKDIV Registers Offsets:
0x0c8,
0x0e0,
0x0f8,
0x110 Description Clock divisor register for state machine N Frequency = clock freq / (CLKDIV_INT + CLKDIV_FRAC / 256) Bits Description 31:16 INT: Effective frequency is sysclk/(int + frac/256).

Value of 0 is interpreted as 65536. If INT is 0, FRAC must also be 0.

15:8 FRAC: Fractional part of clock divisor 7:0 Reserved.

Type Reset RW
0x0001 RW
0x00 - - PIO:  SM0_EXECCTRL,  SM1_EXECCTRL,  SM2_EXECCTRL,  SM3_EXECCTRL
Registers Offsets:
0x0cc,
0x0e4,
0x0fc,
0x114 Description Execution/behavioural settings for state machine N Table 995.

SM0_EXECCTRL,

SM1_EXECCTRL,

SM2_EXECCTRL,

SM3_EXECCTRL

Registers

Bits

<codeblock>||||31
||||31
</codeblock>

Description Type Reset EXEC_STALLED: If 1, an instruction written to SMx_INSTR is stalled, and RO
0x0 latched by the state machine. Will clear to 0 once this instruction completes.

<codeblock>||||30
||||30
</codeblock>

SIDE_EN: If 1, the MSB of the Delay/Side-set instruction field is used as side- RW
0x0 set enable, rather than a side-set data bit. This allows instructions to perform side-set optionally, rather than on every instruction, but the maximum possible side-set width is reduced from 5 to 4. Note that the value of PINCTRL_SIDESET_COUNT is inclusive of this enable bit.

<codeblock>||||29
||||29
</codeblock>

SIDE_PINDIR: If 1, side-set data is asserted to pin directions, instead of pin RW
0x0 values 28:24 JMP_PIN: The GPIO number to use as condition for JMP PIN. Unaffected by RW
0x00 input mapping.

23:19

OUT_EN_SEL: Which data bit to use for inline OUT enable

<codeblock>||||18
||||18
</codeblock>

INLINE_OUT_EN: If 1, use a bit of OUT data as an auxiliary write enable

When used in conjunction with OUT_STICKY, writes with an enable of 0 will

deassert the latest pin write. This can create useful masking/override

behaviour

due to the priority ordering of state machine pin writes (SM0 < SM1 < …)

RW

RW

0x00

0x0

<codeblock>||||17
||||17
</codeblock>

OUT_STICKY: Continuously assert the most recent OUT/SET to the pins 16:12 WRAP_TOP: After reaching this address, execution is wrapped to wrap_bottom.

If the instruction is a jump, and the jump condition is true, the jump takes

RW

RW

0x0

0x1f

priority.
||||----------
Bits Description Type Reset 11:7 WRAP_BOTTOM: After reaching wrap_top, execution is wrapped to this RW
0x00 address.

6:5 STATUS_SEL: Comparison used for the MOV x, STATUS instruction.

RW
0x0 Enumerated values:

0x0 → TXLEVEL: All-ones if TX FIFO level < N, otherwise all-zeroes
0x1 → RXLEVEL: All-ones if RX FIFO level < N, otherwise all-zeroes
0x2 → IRQ: All-ones if the indexed IRQ flag is raised, otherwise all-zeroes 4:0 STATUS_N: Comparison level or IRQ index for the MOV x, STATUS instruction.

RW
0x00 If STATUS_SEL is TXLEVEL or RXLEVEL, then values of STATUS_N greater than the current FIFO depth are reserved, and have undefined behaviour.

Enumerated values:

0x00 → IRQ: Index 0-7 of an IRQ flag in this PIO block
0x08 → IRQ_PREVPIO: Index 0-7 of an IRQ flag in the next lower-numbered PIO block
0x10 → IRQ_NEXTPIO: Index 0-7 of an IRQ flag in the next higher-numbered PIO block PIO:  SM0_SHIFTCTRL,  SM1_SHIFTCTRL,  SM2_SHIFTCTRL,  SM3_SHIFTCTRL
Registers Offsets:
0x0d0,
0x0e8,
0x100,
0x118 Description Control behaviour of the input/output shift registers for state machine N Table 996.

SM0_SHIFTCTRL,

SM1_SHIFTCTRL,

SM2_SHIFTCTRL,

SM3_SHIFTCTRL

Registers

Bits

<codeblock>||||31
||||31
</codeblock>

Description Type Reset FJOIN_RX: When 1, RX FIFO steals the TX FIFO's storage, and becomes twice RW
0x0 as deep.

TX FIFO is disabled as a result (always reads as both full and empty).

FIFOs are flushed when this bit is changed.

<codeblock>||||30
||||30
</codeblock>

FJOIN_TX: When 1, TX FIFO steals the RX FIFO's storage, and becomes twice RW
0x0 as deep.

RX FIFO is disabled as a result (always reads as both full and empty).

FIFOs are flushed when this bit is changed.

29:25 PULL_THRESH: Number of bits shifted out of OSR before autopull, or RW
0x00 conditional pull (PULL IFEMPTY), will take place.

Write 0 for value of 32.

24:20 PUSH_THRESH: Number of bits shifted into ISR before autopush, or RW
0x00 conditional push (PUSH IFFULL), will take place.

Write 0 for value of 32.

<codeblock>||||19
||||19
||||18
</codeblock>

OUT_SHIFTDIR: 1 = shift out of output shift register to right. 0 = to left.

RW

IN_SHIFTDIR: 1 = shift input shift register to right (data enters from left). 0 = to

RW

0x1

0x1

left.
||||----------
Bits

<codeblock>||||17
||||17
</codeblock>

Description Type Reset AUTOPULL: Pull automatically when the output shift register is emptied, i.e. on RW
0x0 or following an OUT instruction which causes the output shift counter to reach or exceed PULL_THRESH.

<codeblock>||||16
||||16
</codeblock>

AUTOPUSH: Push automatically when the input shift register is filled, i.e. on an RW
0x0 IN instruction which causes the input shift counter to reach or exceed PUSH_THRESH.

<codeblock>||||15
||||15
</codeblock>

FJOIN_RX_PUT: If 1, disable this state machine's RX FIFO, make its storage RW
0x0 available for random write access by the state machine (using the put instruction) and, unless FJOIN_RX_GET is also set, random read access by the processor (through the RXFx_PUTGETy registers).

If FJOIN_RX_PUT and FJOIN_RX_GET are both set, then the RX FIFO's registers can be randomly read/written by the state machine, but are completely inaccessible to the processor.

Setting this bit will clear the FJOIN_TX and FJOIN_RX bits.

<codeblock>||||14
||||14
</codeblock>

FJOIN_RX_GET: If 1, disable this state machine's RX FIFO, make its storage RW
0x0 available for random read access by the state machine (using the get instruction) and, unless FJOIN_RX_PUT is also set, random write access by the processor (through the RXFx_PUTGETy registers).

If FJOIN_RX_PUT and FJOIN_RX_GET are both set, then the RX FIFO's registers can be randomly read/written by the state machine, but are completely inaccessible to the processor.

Setting this bit will clear the FJOIN_TX and FJOIN_RX bits.

13:5 Reserved.

- - 4:0 IN_COUNT: Set the number of pins which are not masked to 0 when read by an RW
0x00 IN PINS, WAIT PIN or MOV x, PINS instruction.

For example, an IN_COUNT of 5 means that the 5 LSBs of the IN pin group are visible (bits 4:0), but the remaining 27 MSBs are masked to 0. A count of 32 is encoded with a field value of 0, so the default behaviour is to not perform any masking.

Note this masking is applied in addition to the masking usually performed by the IN instruction. This is mainly useful for the MOV x, PINS instruction, which otherwise has no way of masking pins.

PIO: SM0_ADDR, SM1_ADDR, SM2_ADDR, SM3_ADDR Registers Offsets:
0x0d4,
0x0ec,
0x104,
0x11c Table 997. SM0_ADDR, SM1_ADDR, SM2_ADDR, SM3_ADDR Registers Bits Description 31:5 Reserved.

4:0

Current instruction address of state machine N

Type

Reset

-

RO

-

0x00

PIO: SM0_INSTR, SM1_INSTR, SM2_INSTR, SM3_INSTR Registers

Offsets:
0x0d8,
0x0f0,
0x108,
0x120
||||----------
Table 998.

SM0_INSTR, SM1_INSTR, SM2_INSTR, SM3_INSTR Registers Table 999.

SM0_PINCTRL, SM1_PINCTRL, SM2_PINCTRL, SM3_PINCTRL Registers Bits Description 31:16 Reserved.

15:0 Read to see the instruction currently addressed by state machine N's program RW counter.

Write to execute an instruction immediately (including jumps) and then resume execution.

Type Reset - - - PIO: SM0_PINCTRL, SM1_PINCTRL, SM2_PINCTRL, SM3_PINCTRL Registers Offsets:
0x0dc,
0x0f4,
0x10c,
0x124 Description State machine pin control Bits Description Type Reset 31:29 SIDESET_COUNT: The number of MSBs of the Delay/Side-set instruction field RW
0x0 which are used for side-set. Inclusive of the enable bit, if present. Minimum of 0 (all delay bits, no side-set) and maximum of 5 (all side-set, no delay).

28:26 SET_COUNT: The number of pins asserted by a SET. In the range 0 to 5 RW
0x5 inclusive.

25:20 OUT_COUNT: The number of pins asserted by an OUT PINS, OUT PINDIRS or RW
0x00 MOV PINS instruction. In the range 0 to 32 inclusive.

19:15 IN_BASE: The pin which is mapped to the least-significant bit of a state RW
0x00 machine's IN data bus. Higher-numbered pins are mapped to consecutively more-significant data bits, with a modulo of 32 applied to pin number.

14:10 SIDESET_BASE: The lowest-numbered pin that will be affected by a side-set RW
0x00 operation. The MSBs of an instruction's side-set/delay field (up to 5, determined by SIDESET_COUNT) are used for side-set data, with the remaining LSBs used for delay. The least-significant bit of the side-set portion is the bit written to this pin, with more-significant bits written to higher-numbered pins.

9:5 SET_BASE: The lowest-numbered pin that will be affected by a SET PINS or RW
0x00 SET PINDIRS instruction. The data written to this pin is the least-significant bit of the SET data.

4:0 OUT_BASE: The lowest-numbered pin that will be affected by an OUT PINS, RW
0x00 OUT PINDIRS or MOV PINS instruction. The data written to this pin will always be the least-significant bit of the OUT or MOV data.

PIO: RXF0_PUTGET0 Register Offset:
0x128 Bits Description Type Reset 31:0 Direct read/write access to entry 0 of SM0's RX FIFO, if RW
0x00000000 SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

Table 1000.

RXF0_PUTGET0

Register

PIO: RXF0_PUTGET1 Register

Offset:
0x12c
||||----------
Table 1001.

RXF0_PUTGET1 Register Table 1002.

RXF0_PUTGET2 Register Table 1003.

RXF0_PUTGET3 Register Table 1004.

RXF1_PUTGET0 Register Table 1005.

RXF1_PUTGET1 Register Table 1006.

RXF1_PUTGET2 Register Bits Description Type Reset 31:0 Direct read/write access to entry 1 of SM0's RX FIFO, if RW
0x00000000 SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

PIO: RXF0_PUTGET2 Register Offset:
0x130 Bits Description Type Reset 31:0 Direct read/write access to entry 2 of SM0's RX FIFO, if RW
0x00000000 SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

PIO: RXF0_PUTGET3 Register Offset:
0x134 Bits Description Type Reset 31:0 Direct read/write access to entry 3 of SM0's RX FIFO, if RW
0x00000000 SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

PIO: RXF1_PUTGET0 Register Offset:
0x138 Bits Description Type Reset 31:0 Direct read/write access to entry 0 of SM1's RX FIFO, if RW
0x00000000 SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

PIO: RXF1_PUTGET1 Register Offset:
0x13c Bits Description Type Reset 31:0 Direct read/write access to entry 1 of SM1's RX FIFO, if RW
0x00000000 SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

PIO: RXF1_PUTGET2 Register Offset:
0x140 Bits Description Type Reset 31:0 Direct read/write access to entry 2 of SM1's RX FIFO, if RW
0x00000000 SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

PIO: RXF1_PUTGET3 Register

Offset:
0x144
||||----------
Table 1007.

RXF1_PUTGET3 Register Table 1008.

RXF2_PUTGET0 Register Table 1009.

RXF2_PUTGET1 Register Table 1010.

RXF2_PUTGET2 Register Table 1011.

RXF2_PUTGET3 Register Table 1012.

RXF3_PUTGET0 Register Bits Description Type Reset 31:0 Direct read/write access to entry 3 of SM1's RX FIFO, if RW
0x00000000 SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

PIO: RXF2_PUTGET0 Register Offset:
0x148 Bits Description Type Reset 31:0 Direct read/write access to entry 0 of SM2's RX FIFO, if RW
0x00000000 SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

PIO: RXF2_PUTGET1 Register Offset:
0x14c Bits Description Type Reset 31:0 Direct read/write access to entry 1 of SM2's RX FIFO, if RW
0x00000000 SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

PIO: RXF2_PUTGET2 Register Offset:
0x150 Bits Description Type Reset 31:0 Direct read/write access to entry 2 of SM2's RX FIFO, if RW
0x00000000 SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

PIO: RXF2_PUTGET3 Register Offset:
0x154 Bits Description Type Reset 31:0 Direct read/write access to entry 3 of SM2's RX FIFO, if RW
0x00000000 SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

PIO: RXF3_PUTGET0 Register Offset:
0x158 Bits Description Type Reset 31:0 Direct read/write access to entry 0 of SM3's RX FIFO, if RW
0x00000000 SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

PIO: RXF3_PUTGET1 Register

Offset:
0x15c
||||----------
Table 1013.

RXF3_PUTGET1 Register Table 1014.

RXF3_PUTGET2 Register Table 1015.

RXF3_PUTGET3 Register Bits Description Type Reset 31:0 Direct read/write access to entry 1 of SM3's RX FIFO, if RW
0x00000000 SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

PIO: RXF3_PUTGET2 Register Offset:
0x160 Bits Description Type Reset 31:0 Direct read/write access to entry 2 of SM3's RX FIFO, if RW
0x00000000 SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

PIO: RXF3_PUTGET3 Register Offset:
0x164 Bits Description Type Reset 31:0 Direct read/write access to entry 3 of SM3's RX FIFO, if RW
0x00000000 SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_PUT xor SHIFTCTRL_FJOIN_RX_GET is set.

PIO: GPIOBASE Register Table 1016.

GPIOBASE Register Offset:
0x168 Bits Description 31:5 Reserved.

Type

Reset

-

-

<codeblock>||||4
||||4
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

Relocate GPIO 0 (from PIO's point of view) in the system GPIO numbering, to RW
0x0 access more than 32 GPIOs from PIO.

Only the values 0 and 16 are supported (only bit 4 is writable).

3:0 Reserved.

- - PIO: INTR Register Offset:
0x16c Description Raw Interrupts Table 1017. INTR Register Bits Description 31:16 Reserved.

<codeblock>||||15
||||15
||||14
||||13
||||12
||||11
||||10
||||9
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||8
||||8
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

SM7

SM6

SM5

SM4

SM3

SM2

SM1

SM0

Type

Reset

-

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

-

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0
||||----------
Bits

Description

Type

Reset

<codeblock>||||7
||||7
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||6
||||6
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||5
||||5
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||4
||||4
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||3
||||3
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||2
||||2
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||1
||||1
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

0 SM3_TXNFULL SM2_TXNFULL SM1_TXNFULL SM0_TXNFULL SM3_RXNEMPTY SM2_RXNEMPTY SM1_RXNEMPTY SM0_RXNEMPTY PIO: IRQ0_INTE Register Offset:
0x170 Description Interrupt Enable for irq0 Table 1018.

IRQ0_INTE Register Bits Description 31:16 Reserved.

<codeblock>||||15
||||15
||||14
||||13
||||12
||||11
||||10
||||9
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||8
||||8
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||7
||||7
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||6
||||6
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||5
||||5
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||4
||||4
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||3
||||3
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||2
||||2
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||1
||||1
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

0

SM7

SM6

SM5

SM4

SM3

SM2

SM1

SM0

SM3_TXNFULL

SM2_TXNFULL

SM1_TXNFULL

SM0_TXNFULL

SM3_RXNEMPTY

SM2_RXNEMPTY

SM1_RXNEMPTY

SM0_RXNEMPTY

PIO: IRQ0_INTF Register

Offset:
0x174

Description

Interrupt Force for irq0

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

Type

Reset

-

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

-

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0
||||----------
Table 1019.

IRQ0_INTF Register Bits Description 31:16 Reserved.

<codeblock>||||15
||||15
||||14
||||13
||||12
||||11
||||10
||||9
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||8
||||8
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||7
||||7
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||6
||||6
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||5
||||5
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||4
||||4
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||3
||||3
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||2
||||2
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||1
||||1
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

0 SM7 SM6 SM5 SM4 SM3 SM2 SM1 SM0 SM3_TXNFULL SM2_TXNFULL SM1_TXNFULL SM0_TXNFULL SM3_RXNEMPTY SM2_RXNEMPTY SM1_RXNEMPTY SM0_RXNEMPTY PIO: IRQ0_INTS Register Offset:
0x178 Description Interrupt status after masking & forcing for irq0 Table 1020.

IRQ0_INTS Register Bits Description 31:16 Reserved.

<codeblock>||||15
||||15
||||14
||||13
||||12
||||11
||||10
||||9
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||8
||||8
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||7
||||7
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||6
||||6
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||5
||||5
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||4
||||4
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

SM7

SM6

SM5

SM4

SM3

SM2

SM1

SM0

SM3_TXNFULL

SM2_TXNFULL

SM1_TXNFULL

SM0_TXNFULL

Type

Reset

-

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

-

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

Type

Reset

-

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

-

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0
||||----------
Bits

Description

Type

Reset

<codeblock>||||3
||||3
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||2
||||2
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||1
||||1
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

0 SM3_RXNEMPTY SM2_RXNEMPTY SM1_RXNEMPTY SM0_RXNEMPTY PIO: IRQ1_INTE Register Offset:
0x17c Description Interrupt Enable for irq1 Table 1021.

IRQ1_INTE Register Bits Description 31:16 Reserved.

<codeblock>||||15
||||15
||||14
||||13
||||12
||||11
||||10
||||9
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||8
||||8
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||7
||||7
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||6
||||6
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||5
||||5
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||4
||||4
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||3
||||3
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||2
||||2
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||1
||||1
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

0 SM7 SM6 SM5 SM4 SM3 SM2 SM1 SM0 SM3_TXNFULL SM2_TXNFULL SM1_TXNFULL SM0_TXNFULL SM3_RXNEMPTY SM2_RXNEMPTY SM1_RXNEMPTY SM0_RXNEMPTY PIO: IRQ1_INTF Register Offset:
0x180 Description Interrupt Force for irq1 Table 1022.

IRQ1_INTF Register Bits Description 31:16 Reserved.

<codeblock>||||15
||||15
||||14
||||13
</codeblock>

SM7

SM6

SM5

RO

RO

RO

RO

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

Type

Reset

-

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

-

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

Type

Reset

-

RW

RW

RW

-

0x0

0x0

0x0
||||----------
Bits

Description

Type

Reset

<codeblock>||||12
||||12
||||11
||||10
||||9
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||8
||||8
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||7
||||7
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||6
||||6
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||5
||||5
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||4
||||4
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||3
||||3
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||2
||||2
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||1
||||1
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

0 SM4 SM3 SM2 SM1 SM0 SM3_TXNFULL SM2_TXNFULL SM1_TXNFULL SM0_TXNFULL SM3_RXNEMPTY SM2_RXNEMPTY SM1_RXNEMPTY SM0_RXNEMPTY PIO: IRQ1_INTS Register Offset:
0x184 Description Interrupt status after masking & forcing for irq1 Table 1023.

IRQ1_INTS Register Bits Description 31:16 Reserved.

<codeblock>||||15
||||15
||||14
||||13
||||12
||||11
||||10
||||9
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||8
||||8
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||7
||||7
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||6
||||6
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||5
||||5
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||4
||||4
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||3
||||3
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||2
||||2
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

<codeblock>||||1
||||1
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

0

SM7

SM6

SM5

SM4

SM3

SM2

SM1

SM0

SM3_TXNFULL

SM2_TXNFULL

SM1_TXNFULL

SM0_TXNFULL

SM3_RXNEMPTY

SM2_RXNEMPTY

SM1_RXNEMPTY

SM0_RXNEMPTY

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

RW

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

Type

Reset

-

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

RO

-

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

0x0

||||## 11.7. List of Registers

<codeblock>||||957
||||957
</codeblock>

</codeblock>

